Health Screening Programs for Golfers - Fit to Play Golf

1\. Health Screening Program for Golfers with the Titleist Performance
Institute Screening Test (TPI screening Test) and Selective Functional
Movement Assessment (SFMA)

The benefits of the program are as follows:

Identify physical capabilities and limitations(if any) such as
flexibility, stability and movement control

Gain Information for accurate and effective body movement

Assessment, analysis and advice by a TPI Medical Level 3 Certified
Physiotherapist and medical specialists

Suitable for professional golfers who have suffered injuries, or for
amateur golfers who have injuries or want to improve their golfing
performance. Results of the assessment can be used for independent
training or with a trainer.

2\. Health Screening Program for Golfers with General Health Check-up

This physical assessment is designed specifically for golfers and
comprises the Selective Functional Movement Assessment (SFMA), the
Titleist Performance Institute Screening Test (TPI screening Test), and
the Happy Life Program health check-up.

Suitable for professional or amateur golfers who want to undergo a
physical assessment as well as check their general health.

3\. Health Screening Program for Golfers with Eye Screening

This physical assessment is designed specifically for golfers and
comprises the Selective Functional Movement Assessment (SFMA), the
Titleist Performance Institute Screening Test (TPI screening Test), and
Eye Screening.

Suitable for professional or amateur golfers who want to undergo a
physical assessment as well as check their eye health.

4\. Health Screening Program for Golfers with General Health Check-up
and Eye Screening

This physical assessment is designed specifically for golfers and
comprises the Selective Functional Movement Assessment (SFMA), the
Titleist Performance Institute Screening Test (TPI screening Test), the
Happy Life Program health check-up and Eye Screening.

Suitable for professional or amateur golfers who want to undergo a
physical assessment, check their general health and check their eye
health. Golfers will also meet with a doctor to receive a summary of the
examination results along with medical advice.

Program

Promotion Price

(THB)

Health Screening Program for Golfers with the Titleist Performance
Institute Screening Test (TPI screening Test) and the Selective
Functional Movement Assessment (SFMA)

2,500

Health Screening Program for Golfers with General Health Check-up (See
details)

5,500

Health Screening Program for Golfers with Eye Screening (See details)

3,950

Health Screening Program for Golfers with General Health Check-up and
Eye Screening (See details)

7,950
