Annual Health Check up Packages - Samitivej Sukhumvit

Samitivej is one of the best hospitals in Bangkok for health and
wellness checkups, Samitivej offers a fully comprehensive medical
examination program for both local and international patients. We
strongly advocate preventive care and routine medical screenings. By
catching diseases, disorders and conditions before their symptoms
visibly manifest, we can save our patients time, discomfort and money.

What kinds of health check-ups are available?

We offer a wide range of specific tests and check-ups at Samitivej
Hospital. In addition to the following types of examinations (listed
below), we conduct screenings for gout, osteoporosis, hypertension,
urinary bladder inflammation, urinary tract inflammation, infection in
the lungs and many other diseases.

Annual health check-up packages for men and women

Pre-marriage Screening (Pre-pregnancy)

Health Race program

The Health Race program is a comprehensive healthcare program designed
to help you break your own personal records which, in addition to
detailing how best to make the most of your body, can improve the way
you care for your long-term health. Our program can help you achieve
these goals with what we call your personal "Health Companion," who
supports four key aspects to help you maintain great health. Your
progress is monitored throughout the program to ensure you gain
confidence in your abilities. It can also be regarded as a personalized
program specially designed to suit your unique needs, allowing you to
choose your own route toward achieving your set goals.

For those who have already undergone an annual health check-up but are
only interested in healthcare, you can still participate in this health
care program without having to undergo another examination.

Preparing for a health check-up

Do not eat or drink anything at least 8 hours prior to a health check-up

Arrive at least 10 minutes prior to your appointment

Bring any previous health reports or health examination records with you

Annual Health Check-up Packages For Men & Women

start vote

Program Online Price

(THB) Promotion Price

(THB)

Basic Check-up Program for Male or Female See details \| Buy this
program 3,500 4,500

7,500

Basic Check-up Program for Female See details \| Buy this program 5,500
6,500

9,500

Annual Health Check-up Packages for Women

start vote

Annual Health Check-up Packages for Men

start vote

Personalized Health Check-up

start vote

Pre-marriage Screening (Pre-pregnancy)

start vote

HEALTH RACE Programs

start vote

Other Health and Fitness Programs - Personalized exercise care programs
for those who want to lose weight and gain muscle.

start vote

Terms and Conditions

The promotion period runs from now until December 31, 2024.

The service can be used until December 31, 2024.

Prices include doctor's fee and outpatient service fee.

These services are available at Samitivej Sukhumvit Hospital only.

Promotions are available to Thai nationals and foreigners residing in
Thailand only.
