Adjustable Gastric Balloon Program

Adjustable Gastric Balloon implantation is a safe and effective way to
lose weight and is used in more than 40 countries worldwide. Using this
type of gastric balloon minimizes side effects, and its size can be
adjusted to suit the unique weight loss needs of the patient. Decreasing
the balloon's size is more than 82% effective in reducing irritation
caused by its implantation, while expanding its size raises its efficacy
to 85% for over 90% of patients who report a decreased rate of weight
loss after 4-months. Utilizing an adjustable gastric balloon has become
an increasingly popular choice, as the more than 80% weight loss success
rate is much higher than the 50% success rate when using a traditional
gastric balloon.

The benefits of an adjustable gastric balloon:

It is a non-surgical procedure, meaning there are no complications that
are otherwise associated with surgical procedures.

Implantation of the balloon takes a mere 15--20 minutes to complete and
no overnight hospital stay is required.

It is effective in helping the patient lose weight as the balloon takes
up more than 30% of the stomach space.

It helps reduce the volume of food consumed. The balloon slows down the
digestion so food remains in the stomach longer. Therefore the patient
feels less hungry.

The balloon's size can be adjusted to suit the patient's unique needs.

This type of balloon reduces complications associated with a gastric
balloon due to its adjustable size.

Expanding the balloon's size increases effectiveness in helping to
achieve weight loss and also helps patients who have been resistant
after undergoing this procedure.

The balloon can be left in the stomach for an extended period, giving
the patient plenty of time to modify their eating habits.

This weight loss technique is performed under the guidance of medical
professionals, making it a safe way to lose weight.

Program Promotion Price

(THB)

Adjustable Gastric Balloon 149,000
