Vacuum Assisted Breast Biopsy (VABB) Packages

Vacuum Assisted Breast Biopsy (VABB) Technology

VABB technology represents a convenient and highly precise means of
sampling breast tissue, employing a vacuum system. This innovative
approach combines diagnosis and treatment within a single procedure.
VABB is ideally suited for individuals who have identified breast
abnormalities necessitating tissue removal.

Upon identifying anomalies requiring tissue extraction, the doctor
administers a local anesthetic injection to the targeted area prior to
the biopsy. For patients experiencing apprehension, the option of
moderate sedation is available. Subsequently, a needle---typically 5
millimeters in size---is skillfully inserted into the lump or
calcification in a single instance. The vacuum-assisted system is then
engaged to extract the entire lump or calcification, up to a maximum
size of 2-3 centimeters. Post-completion, gentle pressure is applied to
the site for a minimum of 15 minutes, followed by approximately 1 hour
of cold compression. Subsequently, the wound is securely sealed with a
sterilized plaster. Patients are discharged without necessitating
stitches, while those undergoing general anesthesia are released after
regaining consciousness following the procedure.

In cases where biopsy results reveal non-cancerous tissue, a follow-up
appointment is scheduled for 6 to 12 months later. Conversely, if
malignant tissue is detected, the doctor will conduct an assessment to
determine the most effective course of treatment.

Benefits of Vacuum Assisted Breast Biopsy (VABB):

Accomplishes diagnosis and treatment in a single session

Eliminates the necessity for surgery, effectively mitigating the impact
of surgical interventions

Hospitalization for recovery is not required

Enables outpatient procedure execution within the department

Mandates only a minor incision, measuring 3--5 millimeters in size

Offers minimal pain, expedited recovery, and immediate discharge.

Program Promotion Price

(THB)

Vacuum Assisted Breast Biopsy Package 75,000

93,000

Terms and Conditions

Price includes special equipment fees but excludes any additional
equipment fees not covered by the package, as well as biopsy fees in
cases where an abnormality is detected and tissue is sent for analysis.

Promotion only available to Thai nationals and foreigners residing in
Thailand

Receive services at the Surgery Clinic, 1st floor, Samitivej Srinakarin
Hospital

Available through June 30, 2024
