7 Days of Happiness - Elite Delivery Package

Available at Samitivej Srinakarin

Elite Delivery Package: THB 200,000

Program Details:

Exclusive to women who have reached the 36th week and beyond of their
pregnancy and have not experienced any complications during their
pregnancy

The 7-day period (168 hours) begins after the infant is born

Patients planning to undergo Cesarean section surgery can check into a
12th floor recovery room up to 12 hours before the procedure at no extra
charge

Inclusive of a 20" x 24" neonatal photograph and 5 digital photo files
by a studio photographer

Package includes:

1.Service Fees Include:

Operating room and recovery room fees, operating room nurse fees, and
pre-surgery preparation fees for C-section Birth Program

Mother's recovery room fees (standard room types only), meal fees (as
prescribed by the doctor), and inpatient service fees

Hospital service fees and room service fees

Nursery and neonatal nursing team fees

Lactation nurse fees

Postpartum checkup fees (1 session)

2.Required Laboratory Tests

Required laboratory tests for mothers: Complete blood count (CBC)
analysis, HIV antibody screening

Required laboratory tests for infants: Blood Group Test (ABO, Rh),
Hematocrit blood testing, Neonatal jaundice screening, Metabolism-based
brain function blood test (Phenylketonuria, PKU), Neonatal thyroid
disorder screening (TSH)

3.Medication fees and birthing medical supply fees

Hospital and professional standard medicine fees required by mother and
child

Hospital and professional standard medical supply fees required by
mother and child

Medicine and medical supply fees associated with spinal anesthesia used
during birthing programs

Antibiotics for mothers required in C-section program

4.Medical equipment fees

Fees related to special equipment used during the birth

Fetal Echocardiogram Test

Transient evoked otoacoustic emissionsÂ (TEOAE) screening

5.Doctor fees

Obstetrician fees

Pediatrician fees

Surgical assistant and anesthetist fees

6.Newborn medicine and vaccination fees

Eye drop fees

Hepatitis B vaccine

BCG vaccine

K1 vitamins

Package excludes

Care required throughout a pregnancy

Any additional medicine and medical supply fees prescribed to mothers
upon their return home

Miscellaneous costs, including any beverages, special meals, or
telephone bills charged to the patient

Any fees associated with procedures not associated with the birth, such
as an appendectomy, sterilization, or neonatal circumcision

Any procedures, medicine, medical equipment, X-rays, or additional
screening techniques not specifically included in the birthing package

Terms & Conditions

Inpatient rooms refer to Premier room types only. Should patients wish
to change rooms, they may request to do so. In such cases, the hospital
will charge additional fees on the standard recovery room as necessary.

Mother and baby may stay in hospital longer than the time period
specified in their birthing package. In such cases, the hospital will
charge additional fees on the standard recovery room as necessary.

Postnatal complications

Should any dangerous complications arise that affect the infant
(obstetricians or pediatricians will decide on what constitutes a
dangerous complications), such as requiring an artificial respirator,
the hospital will charge the service with a regular price deduct any
charges according to existing rates from the package fee.

Should any dangerous complications arise that affect the mother
(obstetricians will decide on what constitutes a complications ), the
hospital will charge any additional fees according to existing rates to
the patient.

Thai and foreign nationals must sign a consent form for the birthing
package prior to receiving services and it can be proceeded only after
the obstetrician has signaled approval.

These birthing packages cannot be used together with any other marketing
promotions or discounts offered by partner organizations or insurance
companies.

In the event that a mother wishes to reimburse the cost of a package
from a contracted company or make claims from insurance company, the
hospital will issue a receipt which cannot be itemized. It is then the
responsibility of the patients with regard to any reimbursement made
from a contracted company or claims made from insurance companies
pertaining to the receipt.

The mother can purchase the package if she must be free from the
following conditions or complications:

A twin pregnancy

Severe preeclampsia or eclampsia

Complications requiring surgery, including appendicitis during pregnancy

Disorders which cannot be effectively managed, such as diabetes, high
blood pressure, and heart disease

Abnormal bleeding that deteriorates during pregnancy, such as that which
occurs during placenta previa or premature abruption

Intrauterine fetal death

The package can cover in case there may be cases where complications
arise during a pregnancy but involve less severe symptoms that can be
effectively managed, such as mild preeclampsia, gestational diabetes
mellitus (GDM), or placenta previa involving minimal blood loss.

The following services are not included in birthing package fees:

Care required throughout a pregnancy

Any additional medicine and medical supply fees prescribed to mothers
upon their return home

Miscellaneous costs, including any beverages, special meals, or
telephone bills charged to the patient

Any fees associated with procedures not associated with the birth, such
as an appendectomy, sterilization, or neonatal circumcision

Any procedures, medicine, medical equipment, X-rays, or additional
screening techniques not specifically included in the birthing package

The hospital reserves the right to make changes without prior notice
