Heart Screening Programs for Triathletes

Suitable for triathletes and endurance athletes, our heart health
screening program can reduce the risk of death caused by underlying
heart conditions while playing sports or exercising. It is most suited
to triathletes and endurance athletes because it can ensure they can
participate in sports and competitions with increased enjoyment, safety,
and confidence. The screening includes the following:

CT calcium scoring

This screening looks at calcium and fat accumulation in the coronary
arteries. It is suited to those with high cholesterol or increased
coronary artery disease risk as it can inform treatment plans, help with
decisions regarding the use of cholesterol-lowering medication for those
who are not yet on such drugs, and be used to aid the creation of safe
exercise training plans.

Echocardiogram

This test assesses the heart's contractions, size, and aortic valve
thickness. It is used in cases where athletes have had cardiomegaly
detected during a previous electrocardiogram, performed after they were
found to be fatiguing more quickly than usual.

VO2 Max Exam for Fitness Test

This test analyzes a person's maximum cardiovascular and lung
functioning capabilities in order to determine their physical
limitations. The test measures the maximum amount of oxygen the
individual can utilize during exercise---VO2 Max---which is a gauge of
their physical fitness (a high measurement represents a high level of
fitness). The test also assesses the individual's metabolic,
respiratory, and cardiovascular systems' response to exercise. The
results of the test can show a person how much exertion is possible at
that time, enabling them to increase these limits safely by tailoring
training to fit the resulting zones.

Patients can opt to include our Running Analysis Program which analyzes
running gait, foot placement, weight distribution, and stance in order
to assess the risk of injury and determine the cause of injuries while
running. These injuries may be due to a runner's gait, muscular
imbalance, muscle weakness, or a range of other potential causes. The
analysis can be used to make adjustments or to train runners in the
correct running techniques to ensure they make sufficient progress,
increase muscle mass, and reduce the risk of injury.

Program Promotion Price

(THB)

Heart Screening for Triathletes (CT Calcium Scoring + Echocardiogram)
5,500

Heart Screening for Triathletes and VO2 Max Exam for Fitness Test (CT
Calcium Scoring + Echocardiogram + VO2 Max) 12,500

Terms and Conditions

Prices include doctor's fees and hospital service fees

Available for purchase through December 31, 2024

Receive services only at the Samitivej Active Performance Medical Center
(SMAP), 2nd Floor, Samitivej Srinakarin Hospital, 9 a.m. - 6 p.m.
