Silent Aspiration Risk Analysis Program

Silent aspiration refers to the results of abnormal swallowing, which is
particularly dangerous due to a lack of coughing, hoarse voice or other
obvious symptoms. The condition can affect anybody at any time, but it
is most prevalent among the following groups:

Up to 40-70% of senior patients who suffer from neurological disorders,
such as stroke, Parkinson's disease, or Dementia, have been found to
experience silent aspiration, with the risk of these groups experiencing
swallowing difficulties (dysphagia) is as high as 50-75%.

Up to 71% of senior patients suffering from pneumonia have experienced
silent aspiration.

Almost 30% of those over the age of 60 lose their lives to aspiration
pneumonia.

The invisible symptoms of silent aspiration pose a grave danger as
neither patients nor their caregivers are aware that food or liquids
have entered the respiratory system. One of the most serious
complications that can arise from such an occurrence is aspiration
pneumonia, which is a life-threatening disorder. Therefore, risk
analysis carried out by professional medical staff is essential to
screen for the condition and to prevent further damage.

Basic aspiration risk analysis can be carried out by patients
themselves.

In cases where swallowing difficulties are suspected, the following
questionnaire should be completed.

To what extent have you suffered with the following issues when
swallowing? least \-\-\--\> most

0 1 2 3 4

1\. Swallowing issues have led to a loss of weight

2\. Swallowing issues are affecting my habits when eating out

3\. It takes a greater-than-usual effort to swallow liquids

4\. It takes a greater-than-usual effort to swallow food

5\. It takes a greater-than-usual effort to swallow medication in pill
form

6\. It hurts when I swallow

7\. Swallowing issues are affecting my enjoyment of meals

8\. It feels like there is something stuck in my throat when I swallow

9\. I cough when eating

10\. Swallowing issues are causing me stress

Combined points

\_\_\_\_/40

\*It is recommended that you arrange a consultation should you have a
combined score of over 3 points as this means you are at risk and could
choke on your food.

Reference: Belafsky PC, Mouadeb DA, Rees CJ, Pryor JC, Postma GN, Allen
J, Leonard RJ. Validity and Reliability of the Eating Assessment
Tool(EAT-10).Annals of Otology Rhinology & Laryngology 2008; 117(12):
919-924.

Swallowing Abnormality Screening Programs

start vote

Program Promotion Price

(THB)

Screening for Silent Aspiration Risk by Videofluoroscopic Swallowing
Study (VFSS) \| BOOK NOW 5,700

7,650

Screening for Silent Aspiration Risk by Videoendoscopic Swallowing Study
(VESS) \| BOOK NOW 3,800

5,550

Terms and Conditions

Appointment must be made at least 1 day in advance

Service available at Samitivej Swallow Solutions Center (9 AM -- 5 PM),
3rd Floor at Samitivej Srinakarin Hospital

For more information or to schedule an appointment please click here
