Dementia Prediction Program & Brain Health Advisory

Dementia still has no cure, but you can know about it in advance from a
new blood test.

By finding out the levels of proteins that cause Alzheimer\'s disease,
the disease can be predicted up to 5-10 years prior to the onset of
physical symptoms.

Results are available within 90 days. The test is easy, safe, and
painless with 92% accuracy

This program is part of the Proactive Development Plan for the Healthy
Brain Initiative of Thai Red Cross Emerging Infectious Diseases Health
Science Centre, Faculty of Medicine, Chulalongkorn University, in
conjunction with the Health Systems Research Institute (HSRI)

Alzheimer\'s disease accounts for about 70% of dementia cases and is
considered the most common cause of dementia.

Examinations for Alzheimer's disease can be carried out many years
before a patient begins to exhibit symptoms. In the past, PET scan tests
or lumbar punctures were used to detect abnormal levels of the proteins
that are key indicators of Alzheimer's. In recent years, however, new
and previously unavailable technology has been developed enabling
laboratory tests to measure levels of these proteins in blood samples,
making testing much easier and less painful for the patient.

This program uses a blood test to detect levels of "amyloid beta" and
"phospho-tau" proteins, key markers for Alzheimer's, and genes that
increase the risk of Alzheimer's. It also includes a test for the
presence of "neurofilaments" in the blood that indicate brain damage,
thereby helping to diagnose Alzheimer's disease in patients and even
latent dementia or brain loss 5-10 years prior to the onset of physical
symptoms.

In comparison to PET scans or lumbar puncture tests, this new
examination method has proven to be far more accurate, up to 92%. As
such, it provides huge benefits in the prevention or deceleration of
dementia or, at the very least, proper preparation for future symptoms
of the disease. A neurologist specializing in nervous system and brain
will be present to help introduce lifestyle changes and any appropriate
future plans for the patient, as well as to continue to monitor the
patient's symptoms going forward.

Those aged 60 and older are at risk of dementia and Alzheimer\'s
disease. One-sixteenth of adults aged 60 and above are at risk of
Alzheimer\'s disease, while one-sixth of adults aged 80 and above have a
greater chance of having the disease. Dementia and Alzheimer\'s disease
have no cure yet but can be decelerated if they are detected soon
enough.

Those who should test for risk of Alzheimer's disease or dementia
include:

Anyone aged 40 or above who has a family member or direct relative with
dementia

Anyone aged 60 or above

Program Promotion Price

(THB)

Dementia Prediction Program & Brain Health Advisory See details 21,700

29,230

Terms and Conditions

Price does not include doctor's fees or hospital service fees

Receive services only at the Brain Health Center, Counter 4, 1st Floor,
Building 1, Samitivej Sukhumvit Hospital

Promotions only available to Thai nationals and foreigners residing in
Thailand

Available through December 31, 2024
