Medical Screening Package for Divers

Diving Medical Screening

Diving safely requires good diving experience, proper preparation, and
excellent physical and mental health, ensuring there are no conditions
or diseases that could adversely affect the body during a dive. In
addition, however, a medical examination by an underwater medicine
specialist is recommended before and after every dive. It is also
important to strictly adhere to the rules and guidelines for the
specific area where you will be diving. A recreational diving medical
screening will allow you to dive more confidently and safely. This
examination is different from medical screenings for professional,
military, or other types of diving.

There are two types of diving medical screenings: Fit to Dive and Return
to Dive.

Fit to Dive

This type of screening is suitable for first-time divers, for those who
want to find out if their body and physical condition is fit for diving
or not, and for those who want to know if their physical condition has
changed from year to year and whether or not they are still fit to dive,
whether there are any newly emerged underlying diseases or medical
conditions that may put the diver at risk, such as epilepsy, asthma,
type-1 diabetes, tuberculosis, hernia, certain types of mental
disorders, etc., and whether there is any history of drug-use.

Return to Dive

This type of screening is for divers who have had an illness or
condition that stopped them from diving, who were previously diving but
had issues and who want to start diving again, or who want to know if or
when they can return to diving. Specific principles outlined in Diving
Medical Guidance to the Physician state that there are certain diseases
or medical conditions that require examination by a specialist.

Program Promotion Price

(THB)

Medical Screening Package for Divers See details 5,990

8,100
